= Cyrus Snaps
Example photo sharing app written using RubyMotion and Sinatra. This is the
RubyMotion half of the project.

== Features
=== Implemented
* View photos shared by users
* View a map of photos shared by users
* Upload a photo and share it

=== Ideas
* Comment on shared photos
* Login with Facebook

== Development Setup
Install dependencies using Bundler:
<tt>bundle install</tt>

In order to test the app in the simulator, you'll need the API project running.
Clone the API[https://github.com/cyrusinnovation/cyrus-snaps-api] project and
start the server using <tt>bundle exec rackup config.ru</tt>.

You will also need to set up an environment variable for the API URL. You can
export one like this:

    export BASE_URL=http://localhost:9292

or specify it in the rake task:

    rake BASE_URL=http://localhost:9292

Run the RubyMotion app as normal using <tt>rake</tt>.

== Tests
=== Unit Tests
Unit tests can be run as normal using:

    rake spec

Unit tests should not require the remote API to run. All requests are mocked.

=== Integration Tests
Integration tests are run using the
motion-frank[https://github.com/cyrusinnovation/motion-frank] gem.

    rake frank

These tests <em>do</em> require the API to be running (see development setup
above for how to run one locally). Unless you have exported the BASE_URL
environment variable you'll need to specify that when running the tests like
this:

    rake frank BASE_URL=http://localhost:9292

== Deploying
This is still a work in progress. The app has not been deployed yet, use the
iOS simulator to play around with it.

=== TestFlight
Deploying a build to TestFlight is done as normal using the
motion-testflight[https://github.com/HipByte/motion-testflight] gem.
TestFlight API tokens must be set as environment variables. Any easy way to do
that is to create a <tt>.env</tt> file that looks like this...

    export TESTFLIGHT_API_TOKEN=<YOUR_API_TOKEN>
    export TESTFLIGHT_TEAM_TOKEN=<YOUR_TEAM_TOKEN>
    export TESTFLIGHT_APP_TOKEN=<YOUR_APP_TOKEN>

...and then source it in your terminal (you may wish to put BASE_URL in there
as well).

== Contributing
=== Issues / Roadmap
Use GitHub issues[https://github.com/cyrusinnovation/cyrus-snaps-ios/issues] for
reporting bug and feature requests.

=== Patches / Pull Requests
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don’t break it in a future version
  unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with Rakefile or history
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== License
Copyright (c) 2013 Bob Nadler, Jr.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
